the spare Jack only got me up that fur
I'll show ya only that fur that's hardly
any room do anything but tomorrow i
think i'll get at her and I'll get look
at that tank there but I'll definitely
need a debt for different Jack to
actually get me up this is boat I don't
see here that's about the maximum that
that Jack will go it's not too bad it's
enough to get me in there and check her
out I have to get the bigger Jack's cuz
those aren't reaching those two things
over there the smell of gas is almost
getting me high so I got to be careful
don't up my judgment so uh yeah
I'll be take a look at that in a second
oh I'm gonna take Jack's out here Oh
just one here joke but then put her
under oh Jesus that's heavy not to
mention it makes it a thousand times
harder to do this stuff with I Cameron
gran coupe oh oh that's nice little all
right yeah put the camera down try it
now I don't bite I don't hey you know
yeah they don't boy dead boy oh don't
make yourself comfortable on my my trunk
stuff eh find your buddy yeah neither
one done whoo that's like an
extinguisher you sit